# Sydney Keesee

## Quick Facts

* Senior At CNU
* Marketing Major
 * Digital Humanities Minor
* Apart of Alpha Phi and Kappa Sigma

## Career Interests

  After I graduate from college in the May, I plan to move to Northern Virginia. I have signed to work with memoryBlue in Tysons, Virginia. This company is a sales consulting company which partners with high-tech companies and helps to solidfy sales meetings with potential customers. I am excited to hopefully excel in this company and hopefully have an opportunity to move higher up in the company or be able to be hired out. Hired out means when your client company likes the way you handle yourself and your sales and hires you to work for them. Sales has always been an interest in mine due to the marketing side of it and being able to talk and bond with your clients and potential customers. Therefore, I am very excited to start this next step in my life and start with my actual career. 

## Academic and Personal Successes

  I feel honored to have been able to have a very successful four years here at CNU and hope to continue with my successes as life goes on. My most proud moment at CNU has been being able to hold a Vice President position in my sorority, Alpha Phi. With this position, I was in charge of the New Member Process and Member Experience. Some of the things this lead me to be in charge of was...
  
 * Educating all new members on sorority history and information
 * Integrating the new members into the sorority (finding their bigs, assigning their lillies, and more)
 * Holding weekly meetings with my department and directors under me
 * Planning sisterhood events to help bond us
 * Executing philanthropy events to keep us knowledgable of current issues and trends
 * Seeing through a Sisterhood Retreat 

  I take pride on being able to execute all these responsibilities and more while also being a full-time student and holding a part-time job. I loved the opportunity to be able to lead my sisters and be a role model that they can look up to. I am pleased to say that I have recently finished my term as Vice President of New Member Education and Member Experience and I am excited to be able to mentor the next one while I am still here. 
  
 ## Personal Things
 
  I am from Lynchburg, Virginia but moved to Richmond, Virginia for a little bit in between my freshman and junior year. My family and I moved back to our home in Lynchburg this past summer and I get the chance to go home and see them every once in a while. While in Lynchburg, I was able to play softball for a majority of my schooling years. I loved being able to be active and play the sport that I have been in love with, with my best friends. I played first base all through high school and dabbled in pitching when I played in middle school. However, I did not have the motivation to put in the extra work needed in order to continue this sport into college. I am happy with the time I had with the sport and still enjoy watching others play to this day. Now in Newport News, besides being a student, employee, and apart of Greek Life, I love playing with my cat Costco and binge-watching my favorite shows. My all-time favorite show is The Vampire Diaries. I have watched it over and over again throughout my life and grow to love it even more each time I watch it. 

