### TEI BLog

#### Overview

For this project, our assignment was to read the story of _Dracula’s Guest_ by Bram Stoker. After gaining a good understanding of the story and talking about it, each student got a short piece of the story assigned to them. The goal was to take the piece in Google Docs and comment on where we would need to code when we moved to the Oxygen application. Once we had commented on everything that needed to be coded, we started applying that to Oxygen and writing the code for the short piece we were assigned. My piece of this short story was when the Horsemen found the narrator in the woods and were scared that the wolf was prowling on the Englishman. They chased off the wolf and took the man to safety. The goal of this project was to get the short piece that was assigned to us to look the exact same in Oxygen as it did in the google doc by using beginning code.

#### Google Doc

We began using the google doc as a way to help us when it came down to doing the coding part of this assignment. We got the opportunity to look through what it is supposed to look like and figure out what we would need to code when we moved to Oxygen. Some of the key things we looked for that we knew we would need to code were the beginnings of paragraphs, page breaks, quotes, and em dashes. In the picture below you can see that when we did find these things in our short piece, we would highlight it and add a comment of which one it was. 



By highlighting the parts we knew we would need to code it helped create an easy guide when we moved to Oxygen. Having this up while coding kept it very organized when coding due to knowing exactly what we needed to do and look for. This part of the project was shown to be the most helpful when dealing with something that can be as scary and new, as coding can be. While marking the short piece, I also found myself getting to understand the short piece in a better way. Instead of skimming or reading too quickly, this technique requires you to slow down and make sure you are not only missing any comments that should be made, but gives you the opportunity to digest and take in every word of the story. 

#### Oxygen

I was pleasantly surprised when using Oxygen. At the beginning, I was expecting the process to be very confusing and scary. However, when I began the coding process and with my google doc on the next tab, I was able to easily navigate through the short piece and get everything coded that needed to be. 

Another reason that it wasn’t as hard as I thought it would be, is due to the fact that it is not as much “coding” as I thought it would be. Besides the big pieces of writing, the only thing that needed to be done was mostly just paragraph breaks and quotes. By doing this you are simply just putting a '''<p>''' at the beginning of the paragraph and a '''</p>''' to code the end of the paragraph. Therefore, there was not as much difficult coding in this project that had me apprehensive at first. The rest of it is just simply writing the paragraph in between the paragraph tags. Like seen below, you can see the coding in Oxygen for my short piece and you can see how little coding is needed to make it look the way we wanted it to. 



As you can see the beginning looks very confusing to someone who doesn’t know what this is, but even that part was given to us. Therefore, the only part we had to do was the bottom part which proved to be a lot less scary and actually super easy to understand. I thoroughly enjoyed this project due to the busy work. I like having work that I know what I am doing and it just takes time and punctuality to get it done. It is almost calming going through the short piece and figuring out the tiny little coding details needed to make this short piece mirrored the actual writing in _Dracula’s Guest_. 
